Dextra/changes bug bash (#138)
Unity-Technologies/Unity-Robotics-Hub: tutorials/pose_estimation/Documentation/4_pick_and_place.md

>Note: The incoming position and rotation are converted `From<RUF>`, i.e. Unity's coordinate space, in order to cleanly convert from a `geometry_msgs/Point` and `geometry_msgs/Quaternion` to `UnityEngine.Vector3` and `UnityEngine.Quaternion`, respectively. This is equivalent to creating a `new Vector3(response.estimated_pose.position.x, response.estimated_pose.position.y, response.estimated_pose.position.z)`, and so on. This functionality is provided via the [ROSGeometry](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ROS-TCP-Connector/blob/dev/ROSGeometry.md) component of the ROS-TCP-Connector package.

> >Note: The `Randomizer Cube` button calls the `RandomizeCube()` method which randomizes the position, orientation of the cube, the position of the goal and the color, intensity and position of the light. More generally, it apply the randomization of the randomizers defined in the `Fixed Length Scenario` of the `Simulation Scenario` GameObject on the gameobjects possessing the corresponding tags. If you want to know more about it, check the [InferenceRandomizer.cs](../PoseEstimationDemoProject/Assets/TutorialAssets/Scripts/InferenceRandomizer.cs) script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Note: The `Randomizer Cube` button calls the `RandomizeCube()` method. This randomizes the position and orientation of the cube, the position of the goal, and the color, intensity, and position of the light. It does this running the Randomizers defined in the `Fixed Length Scenario` of the `Simulation Scenario` GameObject. If you want to learn more about how we modified the Randomizers so that they could be called at inference time, check out the [InferenceRandomizer.cs](../PoseEstimationDemoProject/Assets/TutorialAssets/Scripts/InferenceRandomizer.cs) script.
```
